Laugh at me British Kung Fu Royal Family
It is the founding fathers who followed the late emperor to fight the country
You have no identity background.
How dare you say such outrageous words
Humph
Bunch of stupid idiots
This seat will finally advise you
If you kneel down and self-harm now
And get a first-line cell phone for your family
Nan Guangqing, you have to think carefully
Are you really willing to do this for this?
Did Shimono order to oppose us?
You are not afraid of Yu Shuai knowing
You died without a burial
The dignitaries present
You don't mean my Wang family.
I don't believe it.
Just this scumbag
Can't kill us all
That is.
Miss Wang is right
I want to be a rich man
Willing to advance and retreat with you
Li Chengyin, Minister of Household Affairs, is willing to be with Miss Wang
I promise to advance and retreat together with Miss Wang
That's so great!
both
Nangong Xingtian Ling
Lead the Huo People's Army in the whole book
Will the ownership of the venue be honored and the body will be raided
Men's distribution frontier
Women are full of official slaves
How dare you speak wildly
Daxia Feng People's Army
But only if you are handsome can you catch it.
You who can't even catch the current Emperor?
I want to die early and be reincarnated quickly
Commander Nangong
See the angry scene of these ministers
Are you satisfied?
So here it is.
Do you still want to stand in one place with this advance payment?
Well, it seems that you have nothing to say.
Then